Lt merge cross browsertesting (#196)
wKich/creevey: docs/grid.md

## Use your Selenium Grid (BrowserStack/SauceLabs/etc)

> Sometimes you already have Selenium Grid on one of many different e2e testing services, like LambdaTest,BrowserStack or SauceLabs , or use self-hosted one. You could use these services. If your Selenium Grid located in same network where you going to start Creevey, you will need to define `gridUrl` parameter in Creevey config. Overwise you need to start tunneling tool depends of what Grid you use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you already have Selenium Grid on one of many different e2e testing services, like LambdaTest, BrowserStack, or SauceLabs , or use a self-hosted one. You could use these services. If your Selenium Grid is located in the same network where you going to start Creevey, you will need to define `gridUrl` parameter in Creevey config. Overwise you need to start tunneling tool depending on what Grid you use:
```
